Team members:

    Sfikas Panagiotis       AM: 2021030053
    Polichronakis Basilis   AM: 2021030101

Code description:

    firewall():
        This is the main function that is responsible for running and executing 
        the code. Inside it there is an if function that parses the user input 
        and calls the appropriate function each time.

    First if:
        Checks if user has called the script using sudo privileges

    -config:
        When the user addresses the script with this modifier the 'dig' function 
        is called in order to get the IP of each domain. The +short is used in 
        order to just load the IP address and not any other data from the dig 
        function. To improve the responsiveness of the program multiple DNS 
        queries happen in the background. To achieve this we use the '&' at the 
        end of each line we want to happen in the background, also the wait 
        function is used to stall the program form continuing with out having 
        finished parsing all the DNS queries. After that, the rules to reject the 
        IPs are made and then stored inside the corresponding iptables.

    -save:
        When this function is called the corresponding iptables are stored in the
        appropriate files.

    -load:
        When this modifier is called when using the script the '-restore' function
        is used to load the data from the corresponding rule files.

    -reset:
        When this function is called the '-F' modifier is used after the iptables
        in order to clear those tables and then with the use of '-P INPUT ACCEPT'
        the script now allows for all IPs to be accepted in the system.

    -list:
        When this modifier is used the script prints all the available rules 
        inside the iptables using the '-L' modifier.
        
    -help:
        Lastly, when the script is called using this modifier instruction on how
        to run the program are displayed in the terminal.

Theoretical question:

    Can you see ads?
        Most of the adds displayed on the browser are blocked but unfortunately some 
        of them persist.

    Do they load?
        Some of them do and thats because most advertising websites use multiple 
        domains and IPs to send the advertising packets.

    Why some ads persist?
        As sed before some ads persist dew to multiple domains or IPs used by 
        advertising networks. An other reason for such thing to happen is cashing
        of ads inside the browser, when this happen the IPrules may take some time 
        to take effect. Lastly, the script blocks IP address using DNS queries, but 
        some advertisers may encode their ads inside HTTPS connections which the 
        script does not detect. 

